[Detection rules] Add 7.16.0 updates (#1283)
elastic/security-docs: docs/detections/prebuilt-rules/rule-details/unusual-country-for-an-aws-command.asciidoc

- Consider the time of day. If the user is a human, not a program or script, did the activity take place during a normal time of day?
- Examine the history of the command. If the command, which is visible in the `event.action field`, only manifested recently, it might be part of a new automation module or script. If it has a consistent cadence (for example, if it appears in small numbers on a weekly or monthly cadence), it might be part of a housekeeping or maintenance process.
- Examine the request parameters. These may provide indications as to the source of the program or the nature of the tasks it is performing.

### False Positive Analysis
- False positives can occur if activity is coming from new employees based in a country with no previous history in AWS,
therefore it's important to validate the activity listed in the investigation steps above.

### Related Rules
- Unusual City For an AWS Command
- Unusual AWS Command for a User
- Rare AWS Error Code

### Response and Remediation

> - If activity is observed as suspicious or malicious, immediate response should be looked into rotating and deleting AWS IAM access keys

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- If activity is observed as suspicious or malicious, immediately rotate and delete AWS IAM access keys
```
